README.md, before:

# colorpicker

[Color picker](https://colorpicker.autiomaa.org/) for making it easier to see & copy common color names.

Tiny project created by <a href="http://autiomaa.org/" title="Link to personal website" target="_blank" role="link" rel="noopener">Daniel Schildt</a> (<a href="https://twitter.com/autiomaa" title="@autiomaa on Twitter" target="_blank" role="link" rel="noopener noreferrer">@autiomaa on Twitter</a>, <a href="https://github.com/d2s" title="@d2s on GitHub" target="_blank" role="link" rel="noopener noreferrer">@d2s on GitHub</a>, <a href="https://codepen.io/d2s/" title="@d2s on CodePen" target="_blank" role="link" rel="noopener noreferrer">@d2s on CodePen</a>).<br>
      CSS Grid based on the <a href="https://gridbyexample.com/patterns/header-asmany-footer/" title="Article: Header, footer, centre panel containing as many items as fit" target="_blank" role="link" rel="noopener noreferrer">Grid by Example</a> article written by <a href="https://codepen.io/rachelandrew/" title="@rachelandrew on CodePen" target="_blank" role="link" rel="noopener noreferrer">Rachel Andrew</a>.<br>
      Color list inspired by the Web Colors section of <a href="https://www.rapidtables.com/web/color/index.html" title="Link to Web Colors section" target="_blank" role="link" rel="noopener noreferrer">RapidTables</a> website.<br>
      <a href="https://clipboardjs.com/" title="Link to Clipboard.js website" target="_blank" role="link" rel="noopener noreferrer">clipboard.js</a> functionality based on an <a href="https://codepen.io/chriscoyier/pen/bBBLRE" title="CodePen example: Simplest Possible Clipboard.js" target="_blank" role="link" rel="noopener noreferrer">example</a> from Chris Coyier.<br>
      Clipboard idea learned from the <a href="https://www.atlassian.design/server/foundations/colors/" title="Colors | Foundations" target="_blank" role="link" rel="noopener noreferrer">Atlassian Design Guidelines</a>.

Commit message:

docs: update README.md
- Update `README.md`
- Improve project description
- Add more clear sections for the content

README.md, after:

# colorpicker

[Color picker](https://colorpicker.autiomaa.org/) for making it easier to see & copy common color names.

Tiny project created by <a href="http://autiomaa.org/" title="Link to personal website" target="_blank" role="link" rel="noopener">Daniel Schildt</a> (<a href="https://twitter.com/autiomaa" title="@autiomaa on Twitter" target="_blank" role="link" rel="noopener noreferrer">@autiomaa on Twitter</a>, <a href="https://github.com/d2s" title="@d2s on GitHub" target="_blank" role="link" rel="noopener noreferrer">@d2s on GitHub</a>, <a href="https://codepen.io/d2s/" title="@d2s on CodePen" target="_blank" role="link" rel="noopener noreferrer">@d2s on CodePen</a>).<br>

## Why this was made?

Idea behind of the project was to create a placeholder example that could be used as a tool for future Design Systems projects. There are various color picker tools, but I felt that this could be a way to make them better for more specific use cases. For example, when a product/service/company has list of preferred colors, it helps to make those more easily available for the potential users.

## Thanks to people

CSS Grid based on the <a href="https://gridbyexample.com/patterns/header-asmany-footer/" title="Article: Header, footer, centre panel containing as many items as fit" target="_blank" role="link" rel="noopener noreferrer">Grid by Example</a> article written by <a href="https://codepen.io/rachelandrew/" title="@rachelandrew on CodePen" target="_blank" role="link" rel="noopener noreferrer">Rachel Andrew</a>.

Color list inspired by the Web Colors section of <a href="https://www.rapidtables.com/web/color/index.html" title="Link to Web Colors section" target="_blank" role="link" rel="noopener noreferrer">RapidTables</a> website.<br>

<a href="https://clipboardjs.com/" title="Link to Clipboard.js website" target="_blank" role="link" rel="noopener noreferrer">clipboard.js</a> functionality based on an <a href="https://codepen.io/chriscoyier/pen/bBBLRE" title="CodePen example: Simplest Possible Clipboard.js" target="_blank" role="link" rel="noopener noreferrer">example</a> from Chris Coyier.<br>

Clipboard idea learned from the <a href="https://www.atlassian.design/server/foundations/colors/" title="Colors | Foundations" target="_blank" role="link" rel="noopener noreferrer">Atlassian Design Guidelines</a>.
